c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.exe.config
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.exe
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.pdb
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\Microsoft.Win32.Registry.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\Microsoft.Win32.Registry.AccessControl.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Buffers.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.CodeDom.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Data.Odbc.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Data.OleDb.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Diagnostics.PerformanceCounter.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.IO.FileSystem.AccessControl.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.IO.Packaging.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.IO.Pipes.AccessControl.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.IO.Ports.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Memory.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Security.Cryptography.Cng.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Security.Cryptography.Pkcs.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Security.Cryptography.Xml.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Security.Permissions.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.ServiceModel.Duplex.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.ServiceModel.Http.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.ServiceModel.NetTcp.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.ServiceModel.Primitives.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.ServiceModel.Security.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.ServiceProcess.ServiceController.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Threading.AccessControl.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Web.Services.Description.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\Technosoftware.DaAeHdaClient.Com.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\Technosoftware.DaAeHdaClient.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\Technosoftware.OpcRcw.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\cs\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\de\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\es\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\fr\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\it\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\ja\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\ko\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\pl\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\pt-BR\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\ru\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\tr\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\zh-Hans\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\zh-Hant\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.ScPl.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.pdb
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.ScPl.pdb
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.exe.config
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Common.AggregateListViewCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Common.AggregateListViewDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Common.AnnotationValueEditDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Common.AnnotationValuesCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Common.AttributeFilterEditDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Common.AttributesSelectCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Common.AttributesSelectDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Common.AttributesViewCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Common.AttributesViewDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Common.TimeCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Edit.DeleteValuesDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Edit.InsertAnnotationsDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Edit.InsertValuesDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Edit.ReadAnnotationsDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Edit.ReadAttributesDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Edit.ReadValuesDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Edit.ReplaceValuesDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Item.ItemEditDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Item.ItemListCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Item.ItemTimeEditDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Item.ItemTimesCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Item.ItemValueEditDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Item.ItemValuesCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Item.ItemValuesDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Item.ResultListCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Item.ResultViewCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.MainForm.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Server.BrowseFiltersDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Server.BrowseItemsDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Server.BrowseTreeCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Server.ServerStatusCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Server.ServerStatusDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Test.RunTestDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Test.TestEditDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Test.TimestampEditDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Trend.SubscriptionEditDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Trend.TrendCreateDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Trend.TrendEditCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Trend.TrendEditDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Trend.TrendItemsCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Trend.TrendSelectItemsDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.Trend.TrendTreeCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.sourcelink.json
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.exe
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Hda\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Hda.pdb
