c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.pdb
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\Microsoft.Win32.Registry.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\Microsoft.Win32.Registry.AccessControl.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Buffers.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.CodeDom.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Data.Odbc.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Data.OleDb.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Diagnostics.PerformanceCounter.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.IO.FileSystem.AccessControl.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.IO.Packaging.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.IO.Pipes.AccessControl.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.IO.Ports.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Memory.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Security.Cryptography.Cng.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Security.Cryptography.Pkcs.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Security.Cryptography.Xml.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Security.Permissions.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.ServiceModel.Duplex.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.ServiceModel.Http.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.ServiceModel.NetTcp.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.ServiceModel.Primitives.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.ServiceModel.Security.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.ServiceProcess.ServiceController.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Threading.AccessControl.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\System.Web.Services.Description.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\Technosoftware.DaAeHdaClient.Com.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\Technosoftware.DaAeHdaClient.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\Technosoftware.OpcRcw.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\cs\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\de\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\es\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\fr\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\it\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\ja\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\ko\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\pl\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\pt-BR\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\ru\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\tr\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\zh-Hans\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\bin\Any CPU\Release\net48\zh-Hant\System.Web.Services.Description.resources.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.BrowseItemsDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.BrowseTreeCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.DataTypeCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.EditArrayDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.EditBinaryDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.EditComplexValueDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.EditObjectListDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.EditValueDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.EnumCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.LocaleCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.LocaleSelectDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.NetworkCredentialsDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.ProxyServerDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.Resources.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.SelectServerCtrl.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.SelectServerDlg.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.Strings.resources
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.sourcelink.json
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.dll
c:\opcdaaehda-solution-net-forked-20\src\examples\SampleClients\Common\obj\Any CPU\Release\net48\SampleClients.Common.pdb
